## User Study

### Study Design
The app was evaluated through an expert study. The experts used and evaluated the app. As experts students of geoinformatics were chosen. They are familiar with spatio-temporal results as well as with the design of user applications. A questionnaire guided the participants through the study. The structure of the questionre is available as survey_structue.lss The questionnaire contained three goals to measure: the user's objective understanding and confidence, the usability of the application and the opinion of conveying spatio-temporal results through an AR application. For each goal different types of questions were asked. To measure the objective understanding, three questions like: "For which air pollutant does the predicted model with the "sound" parameter fit better to the observations?  Ozone (O3) or particulate matter 2.5 (PM2.5)". These questions could be answered with the options the user compared. In this case ozone and particulate matter 2.5. Additionally, the users were requested to answer with "I do not know" instead of guessing. In two questions the users had to decide, for which of the two air pollutants, the prediction, with a specific parameter, showed good agreement with the observation. In one question the user has to decide, which prediction parameter is the best to predict a specific air pollutant. To counterbalance the three questions, we divided the participants into three groups. Each group got a different order of the questions. We used the reduced latin square to reorder the questions. Additionally, the time needed for every question was measured. The time started when the participant entered the page, where only this question was displayed and ends when the participant leaves the page, by clicking "Next". After each of the three questions the participants were asked to indicate their confidence about the previous answer on a five-point Likert scale ranging from "Not confident at all" to "Very confident". To assess the usability, we used the questions from the system usability scale. Next to these questions the participants were asked to list positive and negative aspects about the app. The questionnaire was finished by two open text questions, about the advantages and disadvantages of the AR application compared to the pure paper.

### Results
The results are published as .csv files for all user groups. In the files with _codes, the answers are indicated under a question code. In the files without _code the results are saved under the full question.

We analyzed the results of the study in different ways. To analyze the background information, objective understanding and confidence we used descriptive statistics. These results were analyzed and figures were created with the script [Study_Evaluation.Rmd](https://github.com/NJaku01/NJaku01.github.io/blob/master/studyEvaluation/Study_Evaluation.Rmd). We used a grounded theory approach to analyze the answers out of the free text questions. Every statement gets an open code, this process is called open coding. Different codes are grouped to a higher concept. The given codes and concepts can be inspected in the file [Grounded_Theory.xlsx](https://github.com/NJaku01/NJaku01.github.io/blob/master/studyEvaluation/Grounded_Theory.xlsx)

In the workspace folder all necessary data for creating an Executebale Research Compendium are saved. The ERC can be instected under https://o2r.uni-muenster.de/#/erc/6N8OQ.